Get the money and get out of my life
Let's give it a big hand.
Welcome to the first winner
He is at work
Showed unparalleled enthusiasm and professionalism
Is this your dream?
You for this name
We can give up our 5-year marriage
punished
You want to take advantage of Miss Jiang's small thoughts of clinging to power
We've seen it through
For a useless waste like you
Don't you just think it's too little?
I cling to power
I am worthless
Isn't it?
Mr. Chen, why are you here?
This is the signing contract for the chief judge of Rising Stars
With the largest selection in the country
The popularity and topics of the show
Within one month
Wo Tiansheng Group
It can lift you to the position in the future
You believe this nonsense
Don't believe me, do you believe you?
I should introduce myself to you
Executive Director of Benren Crescent Media
Chen Tianhao Executive Director
This is the confidence in your divorce, right?
Mr. Chu may not know it yet
I just got the news.
The masked song god of the year is about to make a comeback
By then
I will invite Miss Jiang to perform on the same stage as the masked singer
I wish Miss Jiang back to the peak of entertainment
Xiaorou
There is no need to be angry with him at this time
OK
I sign
I wish you all the best.
Become a diva soon
Xiaorou
Mr. Wang
I chanted the song, and the news of the payment was sent out.
All the hot topics today are him
Call the only song god
I thought I would never hear his songs again
What is God's new song?
Will it go beyond cloudy days?
A Chinese teacher like Sunny Day
Surprise, I chased the star of tomorrow for the god of song
Issue an announcement in the name of Star and Moon Media
Masked Song God Watch
Will be on the scene of the Star of Fame finals
Remove the mask
I will show my true face in the future